All right, there's a bunch
of little housekeeping items that need to happen.
First, the cart shows 12 items.
Yours might not show anything,
and I think it's related to the fact
that I have deleted products in my cart still.
And I'm not deleting...
I haven't deleted them.
So we've got to fix that.
Second is we need to change the page
when the order is created.
Three, we need to close the cart.
Four, we need to refetch the user's cart
when they buy something.
And I think that's it,
just a whole bunch of little front end stuff.
So first one is that my cart shows 12 items.
And if I refresh the page,
there's still 12 items in there.
And there's nothing in here.
And I believe that has to do with the fact
that I have items in my cart where the product is deleted.
And we counted for those items
in showing the cart right here,
but we didn't account for them when we were counting them.
So let's flip to our front end now.
And I believe that's in our nav.js.
Yeah, here we go.
Where we reduce the cart,
and we just tally up how many are in there.
And in this case,
we either need to return the quantity if the product exists
or zero if the product is been deleted.
So what we can do is just put these dits parentheses.
And I'm gonna say if there is a cartitem.product,
then return the quantity, otherwise return zero.
Okay, so that updated it to zero.
The next thing is that
shouldn't have even been an issue for me
because we should have deleted all the cart items.
Regardless of if they have a product or not,
every cart item in the user's cart
should be deleted, right?
And if we go to our keystone
and look at our cart items here,
you see there's still two more cart items left.
There's 11 of this one and one of that one
which is why it was showing 12.
And if I click through to it,
you'll see there's no associated product
because that product was deleted.
So our backend mutation where we delete them all,
we were mapping over cartItems.
But if you take a look at cartItems,
cartItems was the filtered cart.
We want the unfiltered cart.
So that's a really easy fix is that we just have to go
and swap out this cartItems for user.cart.
And that will ensure whether there's a product that's there
or it's been deleted,
doesn't matter, they all get deleted.
So that is the first part.
Next one, change the page when the order is created,
close the cart and refetch the user's cart
when they buy something.
So two, change the page when the order is created.
Okay, let's go back to the front end.
We'll go to our checkout here.
And here we go, change the page to...
So what I'll do is we'll go grab the router.
So that's a hook,
so const router is equal to useRouter.
Make sure you import that from next.
Then right here, change the page
to view the router, router.push.
We wanna push it.
The path name is going to be /order,
and the query is going to have
an ID of the returned order.
So it's order.data.checkout.id.
Close the cart, that's pretty easy to do.
Don't we have a closeCart function?
Let's look at the useCart.
Where did we do our useCart?
Was it in cart.js?
No, where it was...
You can just click through to it.
It's in cartstate.js.
We have a function called closeCart, right?
So we should be able to just grab that.
We can leave that method in
and just go import it at the top.
See how handy these hooks are?
So const, we'll do structure,
closeCart is equal to useCart.
And we got to import useCart.
So that should close the cart,
and then turn the loader off.
Set loading false and progress done.
Okay, so that's that.
The next thing was refetch the user's cart
when they buy something.
Okay, so because we are not refreshing the page
once they buy something,
we're just pushing them to another one,
we got to go to this mutation right here.
And one of the arguments
that we pass here is refetchQueries.
That's an array with the query of current_user_query.
That was imported from our user component.
And that should do it, okay.
So let's go over those real quick.
The cart items, we've we went over that.
Change the page when the order is created,
that should now work.
Close the cart, that should now work
and refetch the user's-
Let's test all of that.
So we'll go to our front end here.
And let's add some items to our cart,
and go to here, and we'll check out.
By the way, I recommend making your prices
as high as possible
because it feels good when you're fake stripe
is full of lots of money.
So let's go and check out, bum, bum, bum.
Hey!
All right, I think almost everything worked.
The cart closed, the cart is now empty.
It changed the page,
although I don't see the ID of the order the query param,
so we'll have to go to that in just a second.
If we go to our backend orders,
there's a new order showing up right here.
And yeah, everything's work except this one.
For some reason, the pushing of the page
did not take the ID.
The query did not come along.
So what I'm gonna do is let's look at
the order that comes back.
Maybe this is not the right path to what we want.
Unfortunately, I didn't keep the dev tools
open when that happened.
So we got to make another one just so we can see
what the order looks like.
So products, add to cart.
Go here, check out.
There we go, there's our data.
That's the order, so data.checkout.id.
So order.data.checkout.id, okay.
That fine, why is it not going in the URL?
Let's take a look at the next docs for that.
Shallow, oh, I wonder if they took
the query option off of that?
Well, well, we can pass it ourselves here.
Oh no, no, it should work.
There we go.
Path name and the query.
I don't know, maybe that has changed since I've done it
because we don't have a square bracket in it.
So if we just wanna pass a query param along with it,
I bet we just have to interpolate it ourselves.
So let's say ID is equal to...
Oh, we got to do it here.
ID is equal to the order.data.checkout.id.
And obviously the other thing I didn't mention
is that's not a page yet.
We haven't created that yet.
That's why it's 404ing.
But we certainly will go to that page in just a bit.
So let's go through the whole song and dance one more time.
Let's go to products,
add something to the cart.
Go ahead and checkout.
Check out now.
And...
Ah, now it's encoding the question mark.
That's not what we want.
So I searched around,
and I'm sure we could encode that.
But that seems like a bit of a hack.
So let's just do it the next way.
And instead of doing query params like that,
let's just go to order/id.
And then we'll say the query,
ID is equal to that.
And I bet that will fix it for us.
So we'll do the forward slash instead of query param.
So try it one more time.
Add something to the cart, check out.
Check out, boom.
And there we go,
the URL is up and running.
Again, the reason why we're getting this
is because we haven't created that page.
But now we actually are getting proper URLs.
Again, if we go to our backend here,
we see there's a whole bunch of orders been created
since I did that.
So that is the checkout flow.
And that brings us to the next section
which is actually displaying
the user's orders and individual orders.